Guide to Cornell Dining | Student & Campus Life | Cornell University
Source: https://scl.cornell.edu/residential-life/dining/about-dining/guide-cornell-dining

Guide to Cornell Dining
The Cornell Dining team has assembled some information to help you navigate a dining program of which we're extremely proud!
What's open when? Ask Cornell Dining Now!
Bookmark Cornell Dining Now at
now.dining.cornell.edu
to see what's open when near you, based on your location. Skim menus at each eatery, and see announcements about events.
Meals served fall semester 2025 begin with lunch on Monday, August 18, 2025 and end with brunch on Sunday, December 21, 2025. Meals served spring semester 2026 begin with lunch on Tuesday, January 13, 2026 and end with dinner on Friday, May 22, 2026. The meal plan program does not cover Cornell’s recess for winter intersession. Big Red Bucks (BRBs) can be used during these recess periods.
What are meal swipes? What are BRBs?
Cornell Dining's
Traditional Meal Plans and West Campus House Meal Plans
all include both meal swipes that can be used to enter our residential dining rooms, and Big Red Bucks (BRBs), our declining debit account. You can use BRBs to buy meals for yourself (not others) at any of our dining rooms (when you're out of meal swipes), snacks or meals or drinks at any of our retail cafes, snacks or drinks from vending machines that take BRBs, or food or drinks at our convenience stores. Where online ordering is available via GET, you can pay for your online order with BRBs!
BRBs have an advantage over paying with a credit card or Cornell Card: your purchases with BRBs are exempt from sales tax! You can add to your BRBs balance at any time or ask a friend or family member to, at
get.cbord.com/cornell
or with the GET Mobile app, available for iOS and Android.
Please note:
All students living in on-campus housing are required to have a meal plan. First-year and transfer students will be automatically enrolled in the Unlimited meal plan. Transfer students may be offered the opportunity to reduce to the Bear Traditional. Residents of the West Campus House System are required to have a meal plan and will be automatically enrolled in the West Campus unlimited meal plan.
Mobile ordering
Several of our cafés and our grills are available on GET Order, our mobile ordering service, to speed up your visits to our eateries. Order in advance to be more efficient with your time. You can place your order hours ahead if you're sure of your schedule, or simply before walking over. Just skip the line and grab your meal from the pickup station.
Access GET Order at
get.cbord.com/cornell
or search for "CBORD GET" in the app store
If you don't have a smartphone, just use a web browser on any computer or mobile device to place your order before heading to the eatery to pick it up. There is no fee for using GET Order to place your order.
Contactless payment
Cornell Dining's eateries offer contactless payment methods, and instead of handing your Cornell ID card to a door-checker or cashier in our eateries, you'll use the GET My Card feature of the GET app to show a unique bar code representing your Cornell ID for both meal swipes and BRBs. We also have self-serve payment terminals for credit and debit cards, supporting Apple Pay and Google Wallet as well as chip cards.
If guests prefer to use cash, there is a cash-to-card kiosk located in the Statler Hotel, offering a seamless, fast way to convert cash into a card for universal acceptance, both on and off campus.
Access GET My Card at
get.cbord.com/cornell
or search for "CBORD GET" in the app store
Sustainability in Cornell Dining
Help us reduce the use of disposable cups that wind up in the landfill with our
Beverage Rewards Program
! Grab your favorite clean cup, mug or tumbler and save 15% on all self-serve hot or iced coffee, tea, and fountain beverages. Just ask the cashier for a punch card and you'll earn a punch with purchase of any of these drinks in your reusable beverage container. Fill up your punch card to earn a reward drink.
Meanwhile, each year, millions of disposable paper and styrofoam containers end up in landfills after just one use. As part of Cornell Dining's Sustainability Action Plan, we're taking steps to reduce the use of single-use disposable containers. Guests who'd like to take their meals to go at nine of our eateries have the option to use a reusable takeout container in partnership with
Fill It Forward
. When you bring it back rinsed on your next visit, you can swap it for a freshly washed and sanitized reusable container for your next meal.
Need reusable utensils? We've got those, too! Available to purchase at our cafes. Once you have the reusable utensils, they're just plain yours. Wash them after use, and bring them with you to use at every meal.
Or grab breakfast or lunch on the move!
Cornell Dining is excited to continue the
Meals on the Move
program during the Fall 2025 semester. Meals on the Move was designed to add convenience for our meal plan holders, increase variety available, and reduce wait times during peak meal periods on Central Campus. For Fall 2025, we've added breakfast options and a third pickup location! Students will be able to pick up a breakfast or lunch from Crossings Café on North Campus, Rose House Dining Room on West Campus, or the Weill Hall Atrium on Central Campus in the morning and enjoy it at a time conducive to their schedule.
Nutrition and Special Diets
Cornell Dining offers detailed nutrition information online for several of our cafes. You can check allergens, look for vegetarian or vegan options, view the nutrition info for a single item, or build a meal and see the totals.
We also take food allergies and other dietary restrictions very seriously. Cornell Dining's culinary team and management are trained yearly with the AllerTrain food allergy training to increase awareness of ingredient labeling, cross-contamination, and other concerns.
Check out
Cornell Dining's NetNutrition page
Read about
allergen labeling and special diets
Jobs with Cornell Dining
We provide students with meaningful work opportunities and leadership positions! Whether you want to work in one of our residential dining locations or our coffee shops or cafés, whether you want to hone your culinary skills by working closely with a chef, we have a position for you. If you're looking to take on more of a leadership role, we have supervisor and student manager positions that can fit. Cornell Dining hires many full-time and part-time staff members for a wide range of positions and roles on campus, as well as a robust student staff team.
More about Employment at Cornell Dining
Are you following us online?
Following us on
Instagram
and
YouTube
is the best way to learn about updates and any future events.
