🌮 ranking 32 Collegetown restaurants at Cornell University
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oXL7lPaCTFQ
Channel: Katie Tracy

Transcript:
Today we're tier ranking collegetown restaurants. Hi, guys. I'm Katie, and I just graduated from Cornell. But I'm sticking around the area and I thought it would be super fun to rank all the restaurants that I've tried, and I've tried it a lot. I want to share my foodie findings with you all. This is also just totally for fun by the way. Everyone has their different food preferences. I will disclose that I definitely skew towards non-American food. I just didn't grow up with it because I'm an international student. Just talking about all of this is making me hungry so let's dive into the video. All right, here we have my ranking system. S is for scrumptious, as in mouthwatering craving. Like, I actually think about this food. A tier is good value. So I think for what it's worth, at its price point, I think it gives good quality, good portion size. B tier is alright. Usually I wouldn't eat here because there's a better option in the S or A tier. But if a friend really wanted to go there, sure. C tier is a campus favorite, but not mine. I would never suggest to go here on my own, but these are usually more social spots and hubs where students like to convene and just hang out. D tier is I'm not going back. Once was enough. These ones I think you can cook better and for cheaper. And the last tier, E, is restaurants I never tried. Let us get freaking into this. Alright, so we have 32 restaurants to get through. These are order of closest to campus. CTB is definitely C tier. Everyone loves CTB because it's the hangout spot. They have a nice outdoor area. You can go there for food like sandwiches, subs, or you can just go there for a coffee chat. So this is just the go-to spot. I've personally gone here for coffee chats, I've gone here for sangria, 21 only. I have tried a few of their things. The ones I recommend are the Lavender Latte and Mona Lisa sandwich. It's like turkey brie and jalapeno jam. It was really interesting the first time I tried it, but it was so good, and the more I got it, the more I loved it. Next we have Ithaca Beer Co. I'm also going to put this as a campus favorite. It's literally one of the first things you see when you enter Collegetown, like, you enter Collegetown and on your right is CTB, and on your left is Ithaca Beer Co. It also has outdoor seating. It's a slightly different vibe in that it's more beer instead of coffee. This is more of a nighttime, dinner, before you go out vibe. It only opened this year and it's really popular. They have a lot of beers. If you like beer, you will love this. It's got good burgers, good beers, and this huge French fries flight, which is really great for sharing with friends. DP Dough, I'm going to put in D tier. It's a late night "drunchies" place, and the only time I've been there is for cinnamon sticks. I went there for cinnamon sticks, and I guess they hit the spot, but it was really just sugar. Fusia, I will say it's alright. The one I would go for is "辣子鸡" which is a spicy chicken. And I really like their portion sizes because they're pretty big and they come with miso soup. Dos Amigos, I've tried once. I'm putting this in the D tier. This is also pretty new. I'd say it's a year old. Oishi Bowl is A tier. Yeah, first A tier. Let's go. Oishi Bowl is very reasonable for their price point. I love the Oyakodon. I also like their tonkotsu ramen. That said, I don't think the ramen in Ithaca is amazing in general, but I would say this is the best ramen I've had. I also like their Katsudon, their Sakanadon, and they're really great service. I've ordered food maybe like, ten minutes before they closed before, and they were really accommodating, so I love them. Poke Lava is also an A tier. Okay. There was a phase where I literally just got poke every single day of the week. It really feels fresh, it tastes good. I usually like getting the zoodles like, half zoodle, which is zucchini noodles, and half brown rice. And then for my sauce, I like to do the poke classic, which is the sesame oil-based one, and sweet yuzu. So you can mix those two. My favorite protein combinations are also either chicken or beef when I'm feeling carnivorous, or shrimp and scallop when I'm feeling seafood-y, or salmon and tuna when I'm feeling, like, raw sashimi. Vietnam Restaurant, I'll say it's alright. I really only go here if I have a specific craving, but I would prefer going to Saigon Kitchen downtown. That is really good. Like, one of the best restaurants that I've heard. It's a pretty authentic Vietnamese restaurant, and everyone talks about it. Asian Chili Spot. I would also say it's alright. The best part of this restaurant, I think, is that you can eat family style together. I've gone here with friends. We've eaten like, ten of us around a round table. It's really cute. Koko used to be one of my favorites, but I don't know, it just doesn't hit the same these days. I put it in B tier. I used to love coming here for their Kalbi, Bulgogi, but these days I prefer to go to another restaurant for Korean food, and we'll get to that later. Enzo I have never tried. It's a pizza place, and I don't know if it's a meme or not. I get the vibe that it's a meme. Maybe this is my friends. But again, I'm not like, a big fan of pizza. Mama Teresa is apparently right next to it. I did not even know it existed. Adelina's is a new restaurant. I'm excited to try it. It looks like it is also another pizza place. I don't know why there's so many pizza places down that row. Mango Mango. I would put it in alright. I have gone to Mango Mango a few times if I have specific cravings for mango, which is in low quantities in Ithaca, but was in abundance back home in the Philippines where I grew up. It's a nice dessert place to hang out with friends on the weekends. And it has good vibes. It's pretty slow, especially if you get an actual meal, like one of their sandwiches, but I think it's pretty good. Collegetown Pizza is a campus favorite. Not mine. I've been here once or twice after fishbowls. It's like a Cornell tradition where on Wednesdays in the middle of the week, you go to a bar called Level B and they have these big fish bowls of alcoholic drinks that you drink with friends. Collegetown Pizza is convenient because it's open late at night after a night out. So Poong. Oh, my gosh. Sopoong is A tier. I love Sopoong. Think quick food, street snacks. I used to live right across, and I would just get kimbap there every single day. Like kimbap is what you order there. $8 for a dozen pieces of kimbap. They have tuna. I love the tuna. I also love the beef, even the sausage, pork. I basically love all except the vegetable one. I will say that other things on the menu I don't think are great. If we were excluding the kimbap here, I would probably put this it maybe D tier. Probably D tier. I put this in D tier. Okay. Loumies. Loomis is Levantine cooking, which is one of the first of its kind in Collegetown. And for that, I'm really happy because I love having a diversity of cuisines to try. It's good, it's home-y, it's warm, but it is more expensive than the average food. So for that, I'm putting it in alright. It's just the price point that I think is a little tough for students. It's like handcrafted pizza. They have cauliflower crust, and it's fine. The salad I think was pretty good. But again, you can cook that yourself. Jack's Grill, I've never tried and I never will. It's just American food. I don't crave that. Luna's is like D tier or C. I'm going to put it in campus favorite. Actually, I'm putting it in C tier because they're known for their trivia nights on Mondays, and I have fun memories doing it with my friends. So I'll put it there. They also have drinks. Gangnam Station. E tier. I would be open to trying it, though. Wings Over Ithaca. I want to say I've never tried it because I've never gone out of my way to go here. But I have tried their takeout because friends will order it, and I think it's a campus favorite. It's one of those places that friends will sometimes just order food out, bring it to their place and then we'll play games together. We'll just hang out, chill. Subway. Never tried, never will. I'm surprised Collegetown still has a Subway. Old Mexican Express I've also never tried. I would be open to trying it. I just haven't heard anyone talk about it. There aren't that many Mexican places in Collegetown, and I would definitely be down to find a good one that's not downtown. Plum Tree. Plum tree I'm going to say is B tier. Some people would say it's A tier, but I haven't found anything that's really spectacular. Plum Tree though, is known for sake bombing. A lot of people will have like date nights and their formal dinners there. Also you can make reservations ahead for big groups, so that's a pro but also above average price point. Oh my gosh. Detasty. Are you ready? This one is my first S tier. Like Scrumptious. Detasty is this Chinese restaurant that you will probably miss when you go to Collegetown because you have to go down. It's not like a typical storefront that you'll see on Collegetown. You will just see a sign that's like the, "Detasty" and then point downstairs. I didn't eat here for the longest time because I don't know, I guess I just ordered the wrong thing. But then I had friends from Singapore, Indonesia who vetted this place and oh my gosh, so good. I would recommend the twice cooked pork. I crave it as I think about it. It's so fatty, but it's so good. Boiled fish with pickled vegetables. The “辣子鸡“, the chicken, again. Pretty good napa cabbage as well. Fried rice. Also a really nice family style place so you can get together a big group there. They also have hot pot. It is also more expensive than the average meal in Collegetown, but I think it makes up for it in the taste and also the portion size. I always like, have takeout after. Masita, I want to put it in D tier. There is one dish, like the jajangmyeon that my friend recommended. It was pretty good and it hit that day. But aside from that, I've never found myself going back to Masita. Mehak, oh, I'll put it in A tier. It is good Indian food. Like, their butter chicken, their chicken tikka masala, their naan. Mango lassi is super sweet. But Mehak hits the craving when you go to the right place. And it's a good big portion size too. Sangam is another Indian restaurant and pretty sure everyone agrees that Mehak is superior to Sangam. So I haven't gone. Four Seasons is that Korean restaurant that I was telling you about. This is S tier. Like, their kalbi box is so good. It's $18.95. Like, I know the price because I order it so much. But this is like end of the week, Friday, I am craving my meat and just treating myself and this is what I get. It's got fried rice, dumpling, salad, and they also have the banchan before. That's what I love about Korean restaurants also, is they always have banchan before. So they'll give you, like, kimchi, broccoli, bean sprouts and fish cake. I know everything because I go here so often. It's also more expensive than average, but again, I think it's superior. Alright, we're down to the last two. And these are pretty easy. These are both E tier. Actually, sorry, technically, Panda Tea goes to D tier for me because I've tried it once. Their boba is made from powder, so that's an instant no for me. Souvlaki house, I've actually been once or twice. I would give it a D tier, but I haven't been there recently to, I think, evaluate it fairly. So I'm just going to put it in E tier. But I am glad that there is Mediterranean food here. And if I crave kebabs one day, I might go back. But, yes, that is my tier ranking for Collegetown restaurants. I hope you enjoyed this video. This was so fun to do. I've been wanting to do this forever. Low key. I kind of want to do one for downtown restaurants, too. We can even extend to bars, wineries. Let me know what you want to see. Subscribe for more videos. I'll see you next Saturday at 09:00 a.m. EST with another new video. Bye guys. Thank you.
