🍰 ranking 18 sweet pleasures at Cornell University
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=hR9lBcRT1pc
Channel: Katie Tracy

Transcript:
Hi, guys, it's Katie and I'm finally back. You all know, number one, I'm a huge foodie. Number two, I just graduated from Cornell this year, so I know a lot about the area and I'm actually sticking around in Ithaca, which is where Cornell is. And my goal is to be able to share with you all of my favorite restaurants, food places, desserts. And so the past videos, I've ranked Collegetown restaurants and Ithaca restaurants. But today we're going to do sweet guilty pleasures, as I call them. It's just the ice cream, the boba– anything sweet and guilty, though I don't think they should be guilty as long as you're doing it in moderation. So, quick rundown of how the ranking works before we jump right into it. S tier is superior, my absolute favorite. A tier is good value. B tier is alright. C tier is a campus favorite, but not mine. And D tier is just meh, I never had to go back after the one time I've tried it. And E tier is just I've never tried it. This video I split into three parts. So the first part is ice cream because that is a priority, obviously. The next part is Collegetown-specific places. And the last is miscellaneous ones in Ithaca that I think are notable to mention. So let's get started. First one: Purity ice cream. This is a campus favorite for sure. Purity is good, by the way. I want to say, even though it's like in the C category, a lot of people love it. This is probably the most packed ice cream place, but I personally just have other favorites. Cayuga Lake Creamery. This is my S tier. Now, realistically, honestly, the gap between Purity and Cayuga is really not that significant. I would say honestly, they're closer in tiers but I wanted to put Purity in campus favorite just to highlight how popular and sociable of a spot it is. Personally, I like Cayuga Lake Creamery because I find that it's more creamy and the texture of ice cream is more smooth. Like my favorite flavors there are the Purple Cow, which is a black raspberry mixed with white chocolate or something along that nature, it's just so good. And their other favorite is the Seneca Sea Salt Caramel. OK. Sweet Melissa's is another really popular one. I'm going to give it an A tier because they also have a really good black raspberry soft serve. The only thing with this place is you need to bring cash. Like they will not accept credit card, Venmo, nothing. Like I've gone there and I'm trying, I'm like, "Please, I forgot my cash." And they're like, "Sorry." And they know they can do that because they're so popular in the area. Like they are a local spot. And all the locals know that you have to bring cash. Cornell Dairy Bar. I'm going to give it a B tier. I think everyone agrees it's really good. And if you want to make your own ice cream like I did you can actually take the food science class. This intro to food science class is a one credit course at Cornell. It's ten weeks long, you meet once a week and the group project is you make your own ice cream flavor at the Cornell Dairy Bar. Like, they'll give you a tour of the place, you'll get to pitch a flavor and I'm pretty sure if your flavor wins, it actually gets sold at the Cornell Dairy Bar for a semester or something. So that is a very cool must do Cornell class. 15 Below Ice Cream is downtown. It's not super memorable so I'm going to put it in D tier. Frosty Cow is a very popular soft serve place. It's 20 minutes out. I would say it's a... I would give it an A tier if it was nearer, but it's 20 minutes away. Oh, Spotted Duck. Ahh, Spotted Duck I'm going to put in S tier because the experience of this place is wonderful. Spotted Duck is an hour away, but it's known for these ice cream flights where you can try a dozen flavors. Now it's not ice cream, it's technically duck egg custard, but it basically tastes like ice cream. I've gone with friends twice or thrice now, and we just go with like three or four people. We get a flight of ice cream. They're different flavors. I remember like blueberry basil and lavender and java junction. The biggest appeal of this is just going out an hour away just for ice cream and to get a flight of it. It's also really cool because you are right next to the farm, so you see the ducks where they get the eggs from and they also have a peacock there, which always impresses people. And sometimes if you're lucky, there's a wood fired pizza truck next to it. And that was also so good. Like wow, my friends and I over the summer literally went to Spotted Duck just to get ice cream. And then we ended up having dinner because there was a pizza truck. It's an amazing memory. And the last one is Shtayburne Farm Creamery, which I've never tried, but I have had friends go here. I think it's about 30 or 40 minutes away from Ithaca and this place is ice cream and cheese tasting. I really want to try it. I will let you know if I ever go here. Now that we're done with the ice cream, the second part is just Collegetown dessert places. And we're starting with the two boba places, UTea and Kung Fu Tea. This is another lifelong debate similar to Appel versus RPCC. I actually have a hard time deciding because I think both have their strengths so hear me out and I'm going to put these both in B tier because I don't think like boba in general is that fantastic in Collegetown, but between the two of them, at least we have boba. OK, we got to be grateful for that. So I prefer UTea if we're talking about their yakult drinks. So I really love their "mang mang yakult". I think that is my go-to, the mango yakult and also their brulee milk tea, which is just cookies and cream. It's like drinking a cake, like a milk tea cake. For Kung Fu Tea, I really like they're fruit teas. So they have like lychee black teas, green teas. I think they're boba is actually chewier and it's bigger. Mango Mango again, I'm not like that big on it. I would say it's a campus favorite. There's always a lot of people inside. It's a nice hangout spot. They have, you know, everything. Aside from their mango desserts, they also have drinks, they have small sandwiches. I also think I have really high expectations for mangos because I grew up in the Philippines and our mangoes are amazing. Chatty Cathy. I've not been in a while, but they're known for their acai bowls and smoothies. They are good, but they're just so overpriced. Now that I have a NutriBullet, I can blend my own acai bowls and it's so easy to make yourself. Insomnia Cookies. I had a huge problem my first year where I was just eating so many snickerdoodles and oatmeal raisin cookies. Yeah, I know. Don't, don't hate me. I am an oatmeal raisin cookie girl. And not just that, I would choose it over like a chocolate chip cookie and that is just where I stand and I'm proud of it. A tier. Sometimes they'll even give it to you for free if they're feeling nice. If you're also part of a club and hosting a large event, they sometimes will gift you just boxes of 50 cookies and all you have to do is like you call ahead, I think you have to call two weeks ahead and tell them you have a large event. Sometimes they will actually just donate like 50 cookies for your event. And I've done that several times for different organizations so that's a little life hack for you. Jason's. I really like it for their frozen yogurt. It's not anything spectacular, but it's just nice to have a fro yo place where you can get your own cup, choose a flavor. They have different toppings like nutella, strawberry, blah, blah, blah. And it really hits in the summer. OK, now we're down to our last four and, Honey Bee Embassy. This is so cool and unique about Ithaca, but I learned that you can do honey tasting here. And this is something my friends and I checked out like literally the week we graduated and I had a really good experience with it. The place is beautiful. I'm going to put it in B tier because they had chili honey, different varietals of honey from different trees and oh, they had really good drinks. That's what they had. Ithaca Bakery, I have never been though I know that they supply some stuff for CTB or Collegetown Bagels. Paris Baguette just opened in Ithaca, and this is like a popular chain. It's good, but I'm not like, wow. I'll put it in B tier. And there's a lot of hype around it right now because it just opened. But I don't know. It's just a bakery. And I guess for Ithaca standards, it makes a difference. Like, it's an Asian bakery. So it's offering definitely just like, increased Ithaca's offerings in general. So I'm really happy about that. And now the last one is Apple Fest. And Apple Fest is an event. It's a weekend long event that runs usually the last week of October. But I wanted to put this in here because Apple Fest is the event of the year. This is the biggest community event in Ithaca, I would say. My friend called it an extended farmers market because there was a ton of food stalls, a ton of craft stores also. And the biggest thing is there's so many apple-themed products. Like I've had apple pizza before here. There's apple cider donuts. There's apple cider. The whole thing. And you will literally see everybody that you know in town here because everyone goes to Apple Fest. It's funny because when I first came to Ithaca I was like, "Oh, my gosh, there's a festival!" I had really high expectations. Like, I thought it would be huge and this would be like a day-long event but it's very small. It's a small town thing, but it's grown on me. I love it. And I think every person who comes to Cornell should get to come witness Apple Fest. I recommend, here's the hack guys: go on Friday. Don't go on Saturday or Sunday. Like, that's when everyone goes and understandable because it's the weekend. But if you can go on Friday, it's a lot more slow paced. I think more of the locals come out on Friday and the lines are reasonable for the apple cider donuts. Otherwise you're waiting in these super, super duper long lines, which I don't think is super reasonable. But again, when you have a relatively big event in a small town, that's what happens. And you get Apple Fest. So I will put it in S tier because I think everyone needs to check out Apple Fest. So those are my rankings for the guilty pleasures at Cornell. I hope you enjoyed it. If you did, make sure to share it with your friends. If you want to check some of these out or any of these interests you, then please share this with your friends. Screenshot it. Put it on your Google Maps. Just make sure you get to try these places, especially the S and A tier ones. Check out my previous rankings for Collegetown and Ithaca restaurants if you have not already. I'll also put it in the description box below. And make sure to subscribe because next week we are going to rank night life in Ithaca and I'm so excited for it because we are going to talk about the bars, the wineries, the cideries and the breweries, which the Finger Lakes region where Ithaca is, is really known for and there are so many gems out there that I want to tell you about. So, see you next week with another new video. Bye, y'all. Thank you.
