🍝 ranking best restaurants for Cornell students | New York Finger Lakes Food Guide
Source: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5qamJiAfKQI
Channel: Katie Tracy

Transcript:
Hi guys, it's Katie and welcome to the grand finale of ranking restaurants. Now these are Finger Lakes restaurants. Ithaca, which is where Cornell University is, is just one town on the south of Cayuga lake. But there are so many other Finger Lakes and hence so many other restaurants out there waiting to be discovered. And these are going to be a summary of some of my favorites that I've tried. So far in this Cornell Food Guide series we have done Collegetown restaurants, Ithaca restaurants, dessert places and night life. Quick recap of our tier system before we begin. S tier is superior so these are my absolute must try's and favorites. A tier is good value, hits the spot. B tier is alright. C tier is not my favorite but usually a good social spot or hub. D tier is meh. I would not recommend. I've never gone back after I tried it once and then E tier is I've never tried. Let's dive into this. We have 18 restaurants to get through and I tried to organize them in the ones closest, so around 20 minute drive away, to the farthest, or around 60 minutes drive away, starting with Inn at Taughannock. So this restaurant is right beside Taughannock State Park. So a lot of people will go there to hike from Ithaca. So literally like this is a great place I think you can just stop by after a nice hike for dinner. I came here twice, one for my 21st birthday and once with my family in graduation weekend. I think it's alright. The first time I came here I would have rated it A or S tier even because they had such good lobster ravioli. But the last two times I've gone it was just okay. It's an expensive restaurant also, so I didn't think the value was worth it. I'm probably not going to come back to the restaurant anymore, but I will say it has a really nice ambience. Like it's a gorgeous restaurant. Hazelnut Kitchen is a really popular one that a lot of my friends are really die-hard fans for. But I don't remember anything being super fantastic so it's not A tier, but I do have good recollections of it too. So I'll put an A tier. The charcutterie board was good and they have this like, chef decides option where you don't know what you're getting. I tried that once and then I got rabbit meatballs which was like okay, it was good. But it wasn't wow, I want some more rabbit meatballs. Generally people think Hazelnut Kitchen is worth checking out and it sources a lot of local ingredients from around the area and feels very fresh. 1833 kitchen and bar. I have been wanting to try this restaurant for a really long time and I finally got to go twice in the past few months. I'm between A and B tier. When I went with my parents during graduation weekend, there were really good scallops and also their sides were pretty good. Like just asparagus, mushrooms on the side. I will put it in A tier also because it has a beautiful location. Like, this is located on the east of Cayuga Lake, so you are facing the sunset. So I think it's an absolute gorgeous place. And I recommended one of my best friends, like when her boyfriend visited, I was like, you have to go to this place. Dinosaur Barbecue. These are some Syracuse restaurants now, which is an hour out. A lot of people at Cornell will go to Syracuse on day trips because it's the nearest real city near here with actual shopping malls and a lot of restaurants and they always talk about Dinosaur Barbecue, but I really am not wowed by it. So I'm going to put it in B tier. There's a better barbecue place in my opinion, which I'll tell you about later. But Apizza Regionale is A tier though. And what I love about this is it's located across Dinosaur Barbecue. So what my friends and I did when we were put on like an hour wait on Dinosaur Barbecue, is we were like, we're so hungry, we just went whitewater rafting. We were like, let's go to this pizza place and just order some stuff for our appetizers. And it was so good. I totally would have just eaten the full dinner there had we not been on the waiting list for Dinosaur Barbecue. That was good. And Pastabilities is also really good. I had heard about this place before also, and it's notoriously hard to get into because it's first come, first serve, but I finally got to go with a friend and it's actually really good pasta. Portion sizes are huge. You can tell they were crafted very carefully. And I got one with short ribs and I really liked it. Stone Cat Cafe I tried recently and we got to give something a C tier, so I would put it in not my favorite. The food was just okay. I was kind of disappointed actually in their pulled barbecue because it was supposed to be Korean style, but it literally just tasted like normal barbecue. One thing I would recommend though is their cornmeal catfish. That was really good. I think everyone on the table agreed that was the best thing and that was about it. And there was a really good drink, Pumpkin Chai Cider. This might be a fall special, but I just thought it was fantastic. Like you hear Pumpkin Chai Cider and you're like, will that work? It worked really well. Nickel's Pit BBQ, I think is S tier. I remember really good brisket. Like brisket with so much fat that just hit. And it was a nice generous piece too. And the wait wasn't too long. That is my favorite barbecue place here. Jerlandos is a pizza place that also has a lot of really good ratings in Watkins Glen, but I don't remember being wowed by it. I'm also not a big pizza person, so I'm going to put this in C tier. Thai Elephants I also just tried this weekend because some friends were visiting, but I think it was actually good. It's A tier. It's a good Thai restaurant. Babcha's Pierogies, I have not yet tried, and I'm so sad because actually, when we went to Watkins Glen with my Friends this weekend, we were supposed to try Babcha's Pierogies, which is a top-rated Ukrainian restaurant instead of Thai Elephants. So we did not get to try Babcha's, which I'm really sad about, but that is definitely on my list of places to go. FLX Table is another one that is on my want to go. But it's also quite far, so it's an hour away, and it's a tasting menu, and I think it's like $80... $60 or $80 per person. And so that's why I'm like, yeah, like, it really needs to be an occasion to go. OK. The Bistro at Mirbeau Inn I also tried this weekend. I also want to say I tried a lot this weekend because it was my 22nd birthday. The Bistro was quite a nice Sunday brunch place. I would put it in A tier. They had a really nice berry and brie French toast. And I also had the Chef's Omelette, which is a special, but it was like pork belly, leek and cheese. And that was actually surprisingly really good. And the potatoes were also just seasoned so nicely. The vibe, though, I think, is what also did it. It was magical. It felt like I was in a fairy book. Rosalie's Cucina I also did not try. I put this on my list because I saw it when I was going to Skaneateles. I was like, oh, there's an Italian restaurant here. And then I saw the photos. There was beef carpaccio, and that's one of my favorite meat dishes. And I have never found beef carpaccio in any restaurant in all my time at Cornell. So when I found this, I was like, I need to try it. Hand + Foot is a fusion restaurant with a lot of different dishes inspired by different cuisines. So I've only tried the beef brisket sandwich. I thought that was pretty good. I'm putting it in B tier, though, I feel like there's a lot of A tier already, and I don't want to be too A tier-heavy. Slammin' Jammin' Barbecue. This is another barbecue place in Corning, and I think it was around the same as Dinosaur Barbecue. So I'm putting it in B tier. Aniello's. My friends and I have this thing of doing like, two meals sometimes because we were just so hungry, so I thought it was alright. Like, actually, I'm putting it in C tier. This is more like a late night place. It's not really a place you go out of your way to go to, so that's why it's C tier. But I think it had good garlic knots. The last one is Simply Crepes. And I'm actually going to put this in S tier. It's surprisingly good. Like, I like crepes in general, but, you know, I was just expecting a simple brunch place. But this place was actually really creative in their crepes. Like, they had a curry crepe, which, I was like, okay, that's also kind of questionable. Like, will that work? But it actually works. I think you'll be very blown away by their menu selection. So, those are my rankings. I didn't have any in the D tier because these are restaurants that I had already researched, and I knew they wouldn't be bad. I really hope you guys enjoyed this video. I've been enjoying ranking things so much. Make sure to like this video and subscribe for more videos. I hope to see you in a future video, and until then, take care and thank you for watching. Bye, guys.
